# Foreword

The Israelites were given instructions on how to keep the supernatural interventions of God at the forefront of their minds. To help with this assignment, they were to keep their miracle history as a vibrant part of their conversation. They were to rehearse the stories continuously to their children. By doing so, they would pass down more than a shared bank of memories. These testimonies—repeated again and again— would build an  infrastructure in the mindsets and values of their children. This was so that there could be another generation who lived with both an awareness of God’s presence and an understanding of His character. Future generations would then inherit the legacy of their parents’ relationship with the God of promises, thus establishing an expectation for His goodness upon which they would build their lives. In this way, the Israelites would inhabit their promised land in the way God intended.

The principle that good stewardship invites increase is a Kingdom principle that is applicable in every area of our lives. God chose to give Himself to the Israelites as an inheritance, as He did with us, but it was the job of the parents to train their children into the awareness and stewardship of that gift.

We can and do outsource the task of training our children to trusted teachers, coaches and pastors. But the role of guiding our children in their relationship with God lays first and foremost at our feet. No matter what else I choose to do with my days, my family is the first church that I pastor.

Raising Spirit- Led Kids is built upon this premise. God has gifted uniquely each parent, grandparent and caregiver to stir up the hunger for God in the children under their care. Psalm 78 speaks of an entire generation coming to know their identity “that they should put their confidence in God” (Psalm 78:7 nasb). That is what this book is working toward.

Seth Dahl was an integral part of the Bethel team for over ten wonderful years. His impact is felt to this day. During his time with us, children and families were given the freedom to explore their relationship with the Holy Spirit and with the power of the supernatural. We believe so deeply that there is no junior Holy Spirit that if a difficult cancer case needs healing, we will often send that case to the kids. If a leadership team is hungry to hear from God, it is often the elementary school that gets enlisted. When the glory clouds first manifested during a Bethel service, none of the adults knew what to do. There was not any manual for such an experience! But the kids knew. Without any hesitation, they ran into the manifestation of His presence with outstretched arms, dancing and laughing. When children have been empowered to explore the fullness of their relationship with God, we demonstrate wisdom when we follow their lead.

Raising Spirit- Led Kids is filled with practical tools, biblical insights and firsthand testimonies of families who were empowered to grab ahold of all that the Lord has for their children. Seth offers wisdom gleaned from his many years of experience in ministry working with thousands of families, but also from his experience as a father to his own children. Children were always meant to be an integral part of a family’s Kingdom assignment on the earth. They are “arrows in the hands of a 12
